Add documentation for using SSE-C on S3 primary storage (#9414)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_files/primary_storage.rst

You can find out more information about upscaling with object storage and Nextcloud in the
`Nextcloud customer portal <https://portal.nextcloud.com/article/object-store-as-primary-storage-16.html>`_.

------------------------
SSE-C encryption support
------------------------

> Nextcloud added support for server side encryption (also known as SSE-C) with AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nextcloud supports server side encryption, also known as `SSE-C <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html>`, with compatible S3 bucket providers.
```

> This means Nextcloud can encrypt files such storage, using a client provided key, the moment they are uploaded. The decryption key is provided by the client. We are using the `SSE-C provided by AWS <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/ServerSideEncryptionCustomerKeys.html>`_ and to do this for Amazon AWS, the client has to specify exact information, so these options we provide in Nextcloud config:

Reviewer: I am not sure about that one.

- The files are encrypted on the bucket side, but it is not clear in `the moment they are uploaded.`
- Not sure about `a client provided key` and ` decryption key is provided by the client`. It seems that we are talking about two keys. But there is only one. Right ?
- This paragraph might go too much in the implementation details, and i don't think that an admin care about that

```suggestion
The encryption and decryption appens on the S3 bucket side with a key provided by the Nextcloud server.
```

> The key can be specified with the :code:`sse_c_key` parameter which needs to be provided as a base64 encoded string with a maximum length of 32 bytes, if it does not meet the requirements. The key can be generated using the the following command:

Reviewer: What does `if it does not meet the requirements` means in the sentence ?

```suggestion
You can specify the key by setting the :code:`sse_c_key` parameter in you config.php file. It needs to be provided as a base64 encoded string with a maximum length of 32 bytes.
The key can be generated using the the following command:
```
